---
layout: page
title: What is this site all about?
permalink: /about
comments: true
---

<div>
<div class="col-md-8 pr-5">

<blockquote>
<strong>Once upon a time, artificial intelligence</strong> became a popular form of entertainment.
</blockquote>

Learning machines hath learned much about life, the world, and human idiosyncrasies. This digital treasure trove records a collection of thy ponderances. Contributors are welcome ahoy!

<h2>Example</h2>

<p>
<strong>The Happy Trash Truck</strong>
</p>
<p>
<strong>by Dan Smith</strong>
</p>
<p>
<strong>Once upon a time,</strong> there was a trash truck that was always happy. It loved to drive around picking up trash and taking it to the dump. It was always happy, no matter what.
</p>
<p>
One day, the trash truck was driving around picking up trash when it saw a little girl crying. The trash truck decided to stop and see what was wrong.
</p>
<p>
The little girl was crying because she had lost her doll. The trash truck felt bad for the little girl and decided to help her find her doll.
</p>
<p>
The trash truck drove around the neighborhood until it found the little girl's doll. The trash truck was so happy that it could help the little girl.
</p>
<p>
The trash truck is always happy because it knows that it can make a difference in the world, even if it's just picking up trash.
</p>
<p>
<a href="https://ai-proverbs.onrender.com/">read more fables</a>
</p>

<h2>Contributing</h2>

<h3>How to Contribute</h3>

<ol>
<li><a href="https://github.com/JacobFV/ai-proverbs/fork">Fork the repo</a>.</li>

<li>Add a new page under the `_posts` directory. You can use the following template:</li>

<pre>
---
layout: post
title: "Your title"
author: "Your name"
categories: ['fables', 'ai', 'love', 'family', 'self-control', 'add-your-own-category']
tags: []
image: "assets/images/your_image.jpg"
description: "Your description"
featured: true  # or false
hidden: false
rating: # optional 1-5
---

**Relevant conditioning text**

The AI's generated output.
</pre>

<li>Make necessary changes, commit, push, and open a pull request on GitHub.</li>

<li>Thank you!</li>
</ol>

<h3>Rules</h3>

<ul style="list-style: none; margin-left: 0; padding-left: 1em; text-indent: -1em;">
  <li>✅ Share encouraging thoughts, important lessons, funny fables, or other positive material generated by AI.</li>
  <li>✅ Use any generative model you like (copilot is free right now)</li>
  <li>ℹ️ Indicate human contributions in <strong>**bold**</strong></li>
  <li>ℹ️ You are allowed to truncate the reported conditioning text or generated outputs</li>
  <li>ℹ️ You do not need to indicate how many trials you discarded</li>
  <li>ℹ️ Use [square brackets] to write post-generation comments</li>
  <li>❌ Nothing vulgar, violent, sexual, or supernatural allowed</li>
</ul>

<h2>Copyright</h2>

<h3>Content Copyright</h3>

All stories/fables/proverbs/etc. included in this repository are released into the public domain under the [Creative Commons 0 (CC0) License](https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/public-domain/cc0/). "No rights reserved".

<h3>Jekyll Theme Copyright</h3>

Copyright (C) 2019 Sal, https://www.wowthemes.net

<strong>Mediumish for Jekyll</strong> is designed and developed by <a href="https://www.wowthemes.net">Sal</a> and it is <i>free</i> under MIT license. 

</div>